well jabalia refugee camp is located in
Northern Gaza City it's home to more
than a 100,000 un registered refugees in
an area that covers just over a
kilometer after the 1948 War the year
Israel was created thousands of
displaced Palestinians took refuge in
the area it's now the eighth largest
refugee camp in the territory since
October the 7th it's been targeted
repeatedly Israel claims it's a Hamas
strongholds now elsewhere in Gaza a
bakery in Gaza City has also come under
attack it happened very near the shifa
hospital it's gaza's largest medical
facility and Israel has asked the
hospital to be evacuated and has claimed
that hamas's main operations space is
under it amas has rejected those
allegations Muhammad Abu salimi is the
director of alifa hospital he says the
situation there is
chaotic the recent Massacre on the
bakery have left hundreds killed people
are lining up to get their hands on a
loaf of bread we shell storn to Pieces
dozens killed dozens injured all
innocent civilians lining for a Loa of
bread yesterday hundreds killed in
jabalia today in Gaza Bakery it is
premeditated murder with form design
women children innocent unarmed
civilians lining up for a loaf of bread
killed in the scream and
the Intensive Care Unit the emergency
unit are full every single bed is full
we are overpacked we run out of medicine
we run out of medical
supplies well let's speak to our
correspondent yumna aled who's on the
phone from Gaza City yumna what more can
you tell us about this attack on this
Bakery and the situation at alifa
hospital where the injured were
taken well fly this Bakery is just uh
away from a sha Hospital less than a
kilometer away from from AA Hospital
there is uh only few bakeries left in
Gaza where most of the bakeries have
been either targeted or destroyed
because of a targeting nearby them now
the dozens of injuries and those killed
in that attack were mostly of that
neighborhood a ner neighborhood which is
very close to a shifa neighborhood uh
shifa complex I'm sorry and the all the
people that were killed in that attack
were those people who were lining up for
their turn to to be able to buy uh some
bread uh others were civilians from the
same area as well we don't have the
exact figures yet because the
destruction was massive and many were
taken to hospital the hospital which is
a shipa the largest in Gaza City has
been for uh weeks now overpacked with
injuries and patients and people
Sheltering in that hospital it's very
difficult for the doctors to uh obtain
their job there in in in light of all
the lack of medications the shortage of
even Medical Teams and medical staff in
the hospital and around other hospitals
in Gaza and the hospital itself has been
saying that in the co upcoming hours it
is going to be uh uh out of service it
is going to stop functioning it's going
to be stopping it's not going to be able
to operate anymore because of the lack
of fuel it has been calling emergency
calls on the International Community and
countries of the world to instantly
allow fuel into the Gaza Strip we're
talking about the largest hospital in
Gaza Strip and in Gaza City and there
are thousands of injuries in that
hospital even over the capacity
of the hospital now not entering fuel to
this Hospital means just like other
hospitals that these injuries are
subjected to lose their
lives okay you know thank you for that
update injuries as you say that are
coming at a crucial time when gaza's
hospitals are running out of resources
and are unable to to help these people
who've been injured uh including the
ones in this latest attack on others
Bakery the largest Bakery in Gaza yumna
thank you very much for the update